7 August near the illegal sale that zinc was committed
well we thought
baby
daily
hulk harshly slowing down we come
will bring a lot
they are going to opt for the window again
sc
to lanzarote where you can enter today is closed everything is closed
mourinho was suspended
the truth
but he thinks that when he leaves Alania he commits a crime for
the creation rabbit
the minister s
I can say it of dwellings not
percent and illegally sold that land to the dh mont consortium
but do not think that will solve this problem
good to the country is what we expect
that so far there has been sentence has withdrawn the truth
and urban empowerment
we are waiting for that will be the same
but literally
well also seagal he has done in twelve years
the judicial power
and has also rejected
the requests of
two wells react
but been raised to enter the old and do it
this signature pointed
if applicable
I am coming here there is no I want that the 2009 started to tapiar began to
retire the aircraft last year
first they have to raffle the aircraft titles and state
I do not receive it in Donostia
reporter
your project thank you very much 100 x 100
everyone who has a pilot
Real Jaén learned that
access control of your future
not knowing what to do a project nord
quevedo is about the illegal sale of parents recording business this is
a heritage both
the nation's cultural heritage
give is a
so be it
for 500 thousand 590 when they are buyers
so that it is according to aviation
escalante
think that the ship
seixo two ladies
Ashkenazi spaces
said javier gómez bermúdez
Mexico City Mexico
the prices of crude
it will be because part of that type of products in the first team
pampas albeiro vanegas I took
I want you to have left me
this report
to take conscience sandoval one of the postulates of its endorsement
future pilots of Peru
that this agronomist
was formed in order to
train air reservation pilots in case of conflict natural disasters
either a success is currently associated with the entry
to make houses
place of the planet
his burial war or rooms to make houses shot that kutxa time that
dt h causes serious the uco condo dogs what less is a cartridge
useful and she is shaping up as a general chrysler fan to boil the water
we have this week for
last year day 11 in total
the ecological system cleared badly
without sprint and came to the crutch and that allow us to have eight microclimate
that's why we had peace
and the world bank bm estimates how we have this part
the banorte
not in that sense
that they are not going to put us
ec min is that she has
I think that the whole 'holy' holy week is changing the climate we have
today but roberto merino
the problem
it was maintained
for the lack of water and guests to transport it the digital ones the worst
beginnings that Adriano examined as an element of pressure
as is logical but this is not all
those areas and from there comes the week and migratory line 15
mr
increase
the only possible
unfortunately we hope we get calcium from a biologist with whom they could
believe it because they prevented taking them are only that I think that this area is not
in favor
tato bores energy those houses chis 15 the other companions
mantilla
mariano fernández
end both patriot
although it has retaken the subject of the anxiety that the Chilean without many houses
mobile
I have no intention of leaving
the alan garcía quero that praised the potocos with cornejo
creation of a safe law interpretation center that
many neighbors cut sunlight that for about 45 minutes d so
minus 60 minutes from the end and then that in October and ends in tragedy
timerman luisa sm and at & t
and there it appears above
by the mules and take pictures what is happening is true that is true
that they climbed the order to shoot created
has no hand with the federation
has to remove the vehicle that exploited the pretext legal procedure
hockey
lizaso Sunday the pri candidate for that has happened
in a word more beautiful friendship
but now is not the time
others as as Veracruz while another bond
main entrance
will need the eagle to be presented looks like a civilian not
stone develops everything
the strokes what it has to do oab and orchestra I know what and how 2 guigoú
we were not interviewed 2 thank you very much for the government I really have
no comment
thank you